1234
DEADPOOL 2
2 hours 14 minutes
After losing Vanessa (Morena Baccarin), the love of his life, 4th-wall breaking mercenary Wade Wilson aka Deadpool
(Ryan Reynolds) must assemble a team and protect a young, full-figured mutant Russell Collins aka Firefist 
(Julian Dennison) from Cable (Josh Brolin), a no-nonsense, dangerous cyborg from the future, and must also learn
the most important lesson of all to be part of a family again.
/
2345
NOW YOU SEE ME
2 hours 5 minutes
Four magicians each answer a mysterious summons to an obscure address with secrets inside. A year later, they are 
the Four Horsemen, big time stage illusionists who climax their sold-out Las Vegas show with a bank apparently 
robbed for real. This puts F.B.I. Agents Dylan Rhodes and Interpol Agent Alma Dray on the case to find out how they 
did it. However, this mystery proves to be difficult to solve, even with the insights of professional illusion 
exposer Thaddeus Bradley. What follows is a bizarre investigation where nothing is what it seems to be, with 
illusions, dark secrets, and hidden agendas galore as all involved are reminded of a great truth in this puzzle: the 
closer you look, the less you see.
/
3456
TRUTH OR DARE
1 hour 43 minutes
Olivia Barron, her best friend Markie Cameron, Markie's boyfriend Lucas Moreno, along with Penelope Amari and her 
boyfriend Tyson Curran, and Brad Chang go on a trip to Rosarito, Mexico. In Mexico, Olivia runs into fellow student 
Ronnie who proceeds to harass her until a man intervenes on her behalf. The man introduces himself as Carter and 
eventually convinces her and her friends to join him for drinks at the ruins of a mission. There, Carter initiates a 
game of Truth or Dare with Olivia and her friends, plus Ronnie, who followed the group. Eventually, the game ends when 
Carter reveals that he deceived Olivia as a means of tricking her and her friends to the mission to offer them in his 
place in the supernatural game of Truth or Dare. As Carter leaves, he explains to Olivia that the game will follow 
them and they must not refuse it..
/
4567
JUSTICE LAEGUE
2 hours
Fueled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne enlists the help of his 
newfound ally, Diana Prince, to face an even greater enemy. Together, Batman and Wonder Woman work quickly to find and 
recruit a team of meta-humans to stand against this newly awakened threat. But despite the formation of this 
unprecedented league of heroes-Batman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and The Flash-it may already be too late to save 
the planet from an assault of catastrophic proportions.
/
6789
HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON
1 hour 38 minutes
Long ago up North on the Island of Berk, the young Viking, Hiccup, wants to join his town's fight against the dragons 
that continually raid their town. However, his macho father and village leader, Stoik the Vast, will not allow his small, 
clumsy, but inventive son to do so. Regardless, Hiccup ventures out into battle and downs a mysterious Night Fury dragon 
with his invention, but can't bring himself to kill it. Instead, Hiccup and the dragon, whom he dubs Toothless, begin a 
friendship that would open up both their worlds as the observant boy learns that his people have misjudged the species. 
But even as the two each take flight in their own way, they find that they must fight the destructive ignorance plaguing 
their world.
/